You can't drink it.
Brother, what are you doing?
It's for mom, not mom, I really can't drink him
You can't drink it, you drink it
It's not me, Xiaoxue
Your brother has loved chicken soup since he was a child
Just give him a drink
No, the doctor said it all
Surgery is still being scheduled
You have to eat something good to nourish your body
Did you hear that?
The doctor said it all
Mom is getting older now
You have to eat something good to replenish your body
It's not time to be on the operating table
He will be in danger
Do you hear me?
I mean it.
Mom really can't drink now, he'll have an accident
It's okay. It's okay.
Son, drink it
Your sister?
Stayed up all night
But busy, that's not what I meant
You really don't want this soup. If you drink it, something will happen.
You are really a dutiful son
This is a hospital.
Who would come here if they weren't sick?
You don't want to drink this chicken soup yourself, do you?
Ah, my belly is so big
Mom, don't worry if we drink or eat
Take another sip.
Okay, okay, mom's full
Give the rest to your brother to drink
What's the use of giving it to me now?
Doctor, nurse, come here